data points that is farther away right randomly to choose some other point somewhere in the board
and we'll try to explore how the model score turns out to be for a different configuration. So that's
what explore is. So to do this, there are various techniques such as the expected improvement method
or the upper confidence bound method you can use to use as the acquisition function. So this will
essentially guide how the model or how the algorithm is searching for the next iterate next configuration
of the hyper parameter. So once the next iteration or configuration is chosen, we will use again
the surrogate model in this step to evaluate the newly chosen configuration, right? So we will evaluate it
find the score again score or the objective function again and then use that newly found information
and store it back into the surrogate model again. So this process that is steps two and three,
these will go on until the optimization or objective function does not improve anymore or the number of
iterations that the user has set has been achieved. So this is the whole idea behind it. If you want